We were all someone's first love.
Not us.
I told you to stop putting me in your league.
First love, my foot. I hope he dies.
Hey, it looks like Jin Jin won't say anything until she dies.
For how long won't you tell that you know they dated?
They dated for three days. That's barely dating.
- I don't count those flings. - You don't?
Yes.
- Gosh, it's cold. - Yes, it's really cold.
- Can you come closer? - Yes, let's stick together.
You're my first love.
Good morning, Ji Won.
- Hey, Mom. - Hey.
What's this smell?
Min Ho was just talking about his cologne.
I guess he practically poured some on him.
It smells great, doesn't it? It smells like soap.
- Mom, where's my rice? - Here.
Ji Won, I made your favorite, pork cutlet.
Gosh, thank you.
You're so big now,
but you still like the food you liked as a baby.
Oh, my, look at you.
You look just like your dad.
Really?
He was so warm and thoughtful.
I've never seen a nicer guy than him.
Ji Won,
if you can be half the man your dad was, you'll be a great husband.
- Okay. - Ji Won.
Are you dating anyone?
- He's not. - Goodness.
- Don't you have a girlfriend? - He doesn't.
Goodness, why not?
- You should meet someone. - He said there wasn't anyone good.
Sa Jin Jin.
- What are you so happy about? - What?
You went around telling every single person...
that you never dated anyone,
so are you happy to have a comrade now?
Wasn't Ah Reum and Young Shim enough? Are you taking him in too?
No, it's not like that.
He said he doesn't have anyone. That's not my fault, is it?
Why...
Why isn't that your fault?
You need to try hard to find your partner in life.
Do you think you'll ever find someone...
by sitting around and waiting at home?
You need to try harder before it's too late.
You know, Ji Won,
there's no need to go far to find your companion.
- Okay. - Good.
You're right.
Eat up.
- Jin Jin. - Yes?
Do you have some time before you go swimming?
I do.
- That's great. - Why?
Give me a ride.
- What? - Take me to work.
Oh, okay.
Yes!
I said I can drive.
I'd rather drive myself. I drove your car before too.
Is that so? Okay then.
Are you going to eat that by yourself?
Do you want some?
Goodness, that's sweet. One more.
One more?
Isn't it great to take a break?
Do you have any dramas or movies planned?
I do.
I do, but I can't tell you yet. It's still a secret.
It'll be very shocking.
Something very shocking?
An R-rated movie? An erotic movie?
More like romance and comedy.
What could it be? I'm so curious.
I can't tell you yet.
Okay, I'll look forward to it.
What's your plan today?
I have to go to the broadcasting station today.
Here.
Gosh, that's sour.
All right, we're here.
- Is this your office? - Yes.
Bye then.
- Okay, bye. - Bye.
Ji Won.
Yes?
- You're good to go. - Bye.
Listen carefully.
I killed your man.
I turned that guy...
into a handful of ashes.
And what did you say?
Your love has no preservatives?
Are you going to hold a ghost wedding with him?
I will take your souls...
and grind them to ashes with a goblin's club.
Great job.
("My Wife's Ghost Marriage")
I'm sorry, the producer begged me to get you here.
Don't worry. Of course I should come.
Just think of this as doing him one last favor.
This is the last time something like this happens.
I can do more of this.
If we go around auditioning, we might find a great role.
What are you talking about? You can't do that anymore.
Once "We Got Married" airs, you'll be Jin Jin's husband.
I mean, people will give you more attention right away.
We can pick out great dramas instead of cheap soap operas.
You'll stop playing some company's manager.
- Jeong Eun. - Yes?
No. I don't want this. I don't want to do it.
- Why not? - I know how you feel,
but I don't want to benefit from it because I'm doing "We Got Married".
So let's not get greedy.
If you keep doing this,
you'll embarrass me.
We're done recording the narration for the documentary.
Be quiet.
My gosh, I literally almost cried!
Goodness.
- Was it interesting? - Yes, it was very touching.
I really almost cried.
- Let's go. - Let's go eat. Aren't you hungry?
Who said that you'll always be an idol star?
You. You!
I'm talking about you.
Either get a bit more greedy, or be cool in front of your fans.
You can't do either of them. All you ever do is run away.
Try doing that for a thousand years. It'll just hurt you.
What can I do?
You know I'm Anthony.
Mr. Lawyer.
Are you having a late lunch?
(Lawyer Kang Kyung Seok)
Your dessert.
Do you need a hearing aid?
Why do you never listen to me?
- Don't stir coffee with that. - Okay.
Sorry.
You're dripping coffee!
Are you making me clean up for the coffee?
Excuse me.
Hello?
Yes, I'm Ham Jeong Hwa's grandma.
What? The police station?
It's her first offense, but 1,400 dollars in damages...
is no small amount.
I'll do everything I can to...
get her tried as a juvenile.
You'll need to brace yourself.
She's in the detention center at the moment.
I'll meet her and see what I can do.
- Ms. Han. - What?
- Can I go ahead first? - Why?
My date's here.
Go on ahead.
- Thanks. Great job today. - You did well too.
Ms. Han, I'll get going too.
I don't usually do this, but it's our 100th day anniversary.
He's over there.
Okay, go ahead.
Thanks. See you.
- Bye. - Bye.
Ms. Han, me too.
Your boyfriend's here too?
No, over there.
Let me give you some money.
It's fine. Maybe next time.
- See you. - Bye.
- Bye. - Bye.
- Ms. Han. - What?
We'll escort you.
Sorry. I have plans too.
Honey, I wasn't too late, was I?
A toast to your lovely eyes.
What am I doing?
It's gotten cold.
What's this?
You made this for me?
But I don't know how it tastes.
It must taste great. It even looks tasty.
Oh, I also made these.
Do you want some?
- Now? - Yes.
Okay.
If you can't open it, then maybe I can eat it later.
I got it.
Oh, gosh, thanks.
Since you gave me such a great gift,
in return, we'll do whatever you want,
eat whatever you want, and go wherever you want.
It's all up to you.
Will you give me some time to think?
I'll go and get something to drink.
- Eat these. - Okay.
- Take your time. - Okay.
[VIU Ver] E10 20th Century Boy & Girl "The Wedding"
-= Ruo Xi =-
It broke again.
A toast to your eyes.
A toast to my eyes. Cheers.
Who was that?
An alcoholic.
- What? - Someone you don't need to know.
- You want to watch a movie? - Yes.
Shall we go to Apgujeong?
- There's an 8:30pm showing. - Okay.
Apgujeong's great, but I know a slightly better cinema.
- Where is it? - The Han River.
It's the perfect backdrop to watch a movie.
Your choice. The river or Apgujeong. Apgujeong or the river.
- Let's go to Han River. - A great choice.
- Seatbelt on. - Okay.
Isn't it great with the breeze?
"I Seoul You."
This is the best place by the river.
- Let's go and sit over there. - Okay.
What do I see over there?
Stand apart. Break up.
- Woo Sung. - What?
There's another couple. Break up.
Look at her.
You too, break up. Break up.
Who are you two? Stand apart.
- Woo Sung. - Who are you?
Will you stay still?
Hee Jin, get her shoe. Thanks.
Jung Woo Sung!
Did you not have a dream?
Is she your date?
I wish you the best.
Get married. Get married.
I'll buy you a fridge when you get married.
And a TV, but not the curved ones.
Those are way too expensive.
I must have gone crazy.
I shouldn't have come here.
I'm a lunatic.
Get married, okay?
Oh, dear. This is so uncomfortable.
Sorry.
Sorry, Hee Jin.
- I'm going to puke. - Hold back.
Stop the car.
Stop, stop!
I can't stop right now.
Breathe deeply through your nose.
Ah Reum, you can't lean out the window.
You'll get hurt.
Hold the elevator.
Shall we meet up with my brother?
I want to introduce him to you.
Okay.
I think...
you'll faint at least.
Is he that good-looking?
See for yourself.
- Shall I set up the date? - Okay.
Chul Min, Is she pretty?
I think so.
You seem to like foxy girls.
Is she foxy?
Can't you tell?
- Why don't you know? - Did she upset you?
She's the ideal type of my favorite boy band. How is that possible?
I hate her. I hate her so much.
Ha Ram.
Hi.
- Chul Min. - Hello.
- Thank you. - Thanks.
- We'll come back again. - Bye.
- Do you like loach soup? - No, I can't stand it.
Let's go somewhere else then.
We can't.
Mother, can we have three large loach soups?
All right.
- "Mother"? - She's his mom.
Whose mom?
Jeon Seol, my favorite singer's mom.
His parents own this restaurant.
We must eat here.
He's my favorite.
I found something I want to do.
- What is it? - I want to work at YM.
Chul Min, do you know anyone there?
I do know some people there.
You're the best. I like you the most in this world.
No problem.
Ha Ram, you said you wanted a puppy.
- Shall we get one today? - Really?
You're the greatest in this world.
Of course I am.
Do you want Jeon Seol's poster? I'll get his autograph for you.
How about cats? They're fun too.
Ha Ram, I'm your favorite, right?
No, I'm your favorite, right?
Well, then...
Shall I see how good you two are? It's been a while.
Let's see what I can get.
Okay. I'm feeling it tonight.
Yes, I got...
Careful... Careful... I got it.
- Amazing. - There it is. What did I say?
- You're really good. - I'm coming back.
Okay. I got it.
Ha Ram, I got this one. Ha Ram...
That's it, I got this. Ha Ram, I got it. No!
There you go.
Ha Ram, who's your favorite brother?
My favorite...
is Jeon Seol.
Oh, dear. Ji Won.
Your beard grew.
- Happy birthday, dear Mom - Happy birthday, dear Mom
- Happy birthday to you - Happy birthday to you
I can't believe you cooked me a birthday meal.
He wouldn't let us help at all, saying he'll make everything.
He's so henpecked.
- Did you eat something bad? - Stop it.
Happy birthday, Mom. Here, your favorite gift.
- Gosh. - Goodness.
It's nice and fat.
Your present has no soul.
Happy birthday, Madam Kim.
Let me see.
Isn't it pretty?
It's beautiful. It really is.
No one cares for me like my son does.
I'll wear this and cook even harder for you.
- Okay. - You fool.
When did you get that?
Happy birthday.
Someone finally got around to get me some flowers.
(We Got Married)
"We Got Married", season five.
Sa Jin Jin and Anthony.
Let's begin the second shoot.
Give me the candy.
Sorry, sorry.
Anthony, Jin Jin.
Here's your mission card.
(Have a wedding...)
(with the blessings of your loved ones.)
What should we do about this?
Do you have any dream wedding?
No, I don't.
We should do whatever you want.
Will you tell me if there's anything you wanted to do?
We should call some friends, right?
Hey, how can they prepare a wedding without telling you first?
Exactly. What should we do about her?
Jin Jin. Sa Jin Jin.
- Are you okay? - Hey.
Don't you worry about celebrities.
She'll be just fine when the cameras roll.
Will the groom's friends be here as well?
Where are you?
Oh, Chuja Island.
A black sea bream? 1.8m long?
That's huge.
No, no, I called you out of the blue.
Hi, Bo Hoon, where are you?
I forgot you're on your honeymoon.
It's okay. I know it can't be helped.
Your baby's crying. Go and look after her. Okay.
Hey.
Do you want me to call Terius?
- Hi, Ji Won. - Where are you?
I was at a meeting near your place.
How about we take on the claw machine again?
Are you in Yeouido?
Did you call Ji Won?
- No. - It'll break his heart.
She's his first love.
Great. Let's make him pick again.
Han Ah Reum versus Jang Young Shim.
For real this time.
- Jin Jin, it's time to change. - Okay.
- Wait, Mi Dal. - Yes?
Could you shade my face for me?
Make my jawline look really slim and sharp.
- Sorry. Let's go. - Wait.
- We're leaving. - Just a little bit.
(Ji Won)
That bit is flat.
Hey, are you here?
- Yes, I'm almost there. - Come inside.
Where?
Oh, okay.
- Come straight past the toilet. - Okay.
Come on.
You should've told me about this. It's worth celebrating.
They asked me to keep it a secret. It's work. I'm sorry.
Why won't you tell me the most important part?
- What? - Who's the woman?
Who are you getting married to?
Your sister-in-law is...
She's so beautiful.
- Can someone be that beautiful? - It's unbelievable.
The wedding dress is the best dress for any woman.
- You're right. - I think she's here.
- Jin Jin's over there. - Fantastic.
- Fantastic. - Jin Jin?
Get ready.
Let's get things ready. Get to it.
Okay.
You're beautiful.
Chul Min.
What are you doing today?
We're getting married.
It's our wedding.
Oh, no, the bouquet.
- I'll go and get it. - Okay.
You're here.
Do I look awkward?
I wear dresses a lot.
Did you see me in "Couple of Fantasy"?
I wore one in that.
I did in "Will it Snow for Christmas?",
and in "Birth of a Beauty" as well.
I wear them all the time for ceremonies...
or photo shoots.
I wore so many dresses.
I bet I tried on every single style.
Cute, elegant, flashy,
A-line, bell line, and mermaid style.
I wore them all.
But today, I'm wearing something simple.
It's a special day.
You look pretty.
Did the girls call you?
I thought you'd be busy.
- I'm here to meet my brother. - Oh, your brother.
- Your brother? - Yes.
My brother.
Ji Won.
Hey, Chul Min.
You got here fast.
- Have you two met already? - Yes.
(Children of 20th Century/20th Century Boy & Girl)
- I promise to be with you. - I promise to be with you.
The bride can find her husband's hand...
and put the ring on him.
Ji Won, haven't you ever thought Jin Jin was pretty?
Why didn't you tell me?
It's not even real. "We got Married" is just a TV show.
Jin Jin, don't you like the food here?
I think he's really cool.
Were you with Chul Min?
Do you know what time it is?
Hey, wait.
If you're happy, I'm happy.